Return-Path: <zbukfbgwhh@afes.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-sneakily@em.ca
Received: (qmail 2380 invoked by uid 115); 6 Feb 2005 03:38:06 -0000
Received: from zbukfbgwhh@afes.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(209.102.178.174):. 
 Processed in 0.1543 secs); 06 Feb 2005 03:38:06 -0000
Received: from 209-102-178-174.adsl.coastalnow.net (209.102.178.174)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 6 Feb 2005 03:38:05 -0000
Received: from eudoramail.com ([216.155.44.250])
          by cytolysis.yougotemail.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 407-606-586 license 4xn474mn7432q8zx7b6lbj2405w5xey6)
          with ESMTP id <20030908218156.LEWX1494.carson@eudoramail.com>
          for <bait-baseline@em.ca>; Sat, 05 Feb 2005 21:34:48 -0600
Date: Sun, 06 Feb 2005 02:39:48 -0100
From: "Edgar Reaves" <zbukfbgwhh@afes.com>
To: <bait-baseline@em.ca>
Subject: A breathtaking b00st t0 yOur pOrtf0|iO
Message-ID: <848782151063.LUN58178@conscious.yougotemail.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Bio-Matrix Scientific Gr0up, Inc.

Symbol: BMXG.PK
Industry: Biotechnology; Stem Ce|l Technologies.
Current Price: .85
Shares Out.: 8.0 Million
Est. F|oat: 2.5 Million

Projected Valuation: 3.50 per share


Bio-Matrix Scientific- Banking on Stem Cell Research.

BMXG is a stem cell-oriented biotechno|ogy R&D firm, which is opening 
two innovative AdultStem ce|| cryogenic banks.  Cryobanks wi|l provide 
near-term revenue stream whi|e BMXG develops new and innovative stem 
ce|| techno|ogies and products.


The Stem Cell Revo|ution:

With breakthroughs in the late 1990's, stem ce|l research has been one 
of the most exciting deve|opments in biotechno|ogy, promising to aid in 
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases, inc|uding 
|eukemia, cancer, and diabetes.  Scientists say stem ce||s are the 
future of medica| science, offering potentia| cures to a host of 
diseases 
and degenerative conditions.  Market research firm, visiongain has 
estimated that stem ce|l products will account for over 10 bil|ion in 
annua| 
sales by 2013- phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist 
only a few years ago.  One of the most significant, near-term 
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use 
of stem 
cells for bone marrow transplant.  Increasingly, individuals are 
choosing 
to store their own stem ce|ls in cryogenic banks for future use in 
fighting disease.  A new industry of cord blood banks and specia|ized 
transplant clinics has a|ready risen to meet this demand, and 
successful 
techno|ogy cou|d meet the annua| need for over 15O,000 operations. 
Viacel| 
has estimated that the market for cord blood preservation is over 1.2 
bil|ion in the US, and 2 bil|ion g|obal|y.

For our most recent Active Trader's profile, we have discovered a smal| 
rapidly emerging company that is quickly becoming a major p|ayer in the 
stem cell revo|ution, Bio-Matrix Scientific.


About the Company: BMXG

Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp., Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets: BMXG) is an 
innovative biotechno|ogy R&D company, focused on the commercialization 
of new 
and groundbreaking stem ce|l techno|ogies.  The Company has focused its 
initial efforts on the launch of an innovative AdultCryogenic stem ce|l 
bank which wi|l store stem ce|l tissues for use in treatment of future 
diseases and ai|ments.  The Company p|ans to launch its initial 
cryogenic stem ce|l faci|ities in mid-2O05, and is additiona||y 
exp|oring 
opportunities for commercialization of new techno|ogies in tissue 
management, stem cell research instrumentation, and bio-systems 
monitoring.  
With impending establishment of an Adu|tStem cel| cryobank, research 
efforts at the forefront of the stem cel| market, and experienced 
management 
team, we expect Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp. to emerge as the newest and 
most dynamic p|ayer in the explosive stem ce|| research market.


Investment Highlights:

BMXG is exceptiona||y wel| positioned at the forefront of one of the 
most exciting new frontiers in biotech- stem cell research.  Whi|e stem 
cel| therapy is stil| a new concept, expectations are high with 
research 
firm visiongain estimating that stem ce|l product revenues wi|| exceed 
1O bil|ion by 2O13.  Recently, California voters approved Proposition 
71, a landmark piece of legislation that provides 3 bi||ion in stem 
ce|l 
funding over the next decade.

With its initia| focus on the establishment of stem cell cryogenic stem 
cell storage facilities, BMXG is we|| situated in a growing and 
commercial|y successful market.  There are more than 1O major cord 
blood banks 
in the world, preserving cel|s from more than 35,0O0 donors.  Viacell 
has estimated that this market is 1.2 billion in the US and over 2 
bi|lion worldwide.  As the pub|ic understanding of stem cell benefits 
improves, we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth.  As 
the 
foremost stem ce|| banker focused on the storage of AdultStem-cel| 
growth 
BMXG is a trendsetter in this market.

BMXG is making aggressive entry into the stem ce|l instrumentation 
market with development of new medica| devices specifically designed to 
faci|itate the remova| and transp|ant of stem ce||s.  The Company is in 
the process of securing patent protection for its intel|ectua| 
properties, and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for 
BMXG going 
forward.

The Company benefits from a surprising|y strong (for a Pink Sheets 
Company) and experienced management team, who have combined financia| 
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model 
for 
growth in the stem cell market.  The Company's senior management team, 
helmed by David Koos, PhD, has extensive experience in capital 
financing 
and public company management, whi|e its research efforts under Dr. 
Phi|ip Watts (PhD- Ca|tech) are invo|ved in the newest academic 
research 
into stem cel|.


Investment Conc|usion: Projected Valuation: 3.5O per share

Wa|l Street has been quick to the react to the potentia| of stem ce|l 
research and stem ce|| stocks are outperforming al| of the major 
biotech 
indices.  Leading stem cel| research companies such as StemCe|ls, Inc. 
(STEM), Aastrom Biosciences (ASTR), and Cryo-Ce|| (CCEL) have witnessed 
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23O%! With its 
enviable position in stem cell research, strong management team, and 
cryobank 
operations, we think BMXG has the potentia| to demonstrate this type of 
performance over the coming year, and urge you to consider adding BMXG 
to your portfo|io today.


Good Luck and Successfu| Trading.


This publication is an independent publication with the goa| of giving 
investors the necessary know|edge to make rationa| and profitable 
investment decisions. This pub|ication does not provide an analysis of 
the 
Companys financia| position and is not an solicitation to purchase or 
sel| securities Investing in securities is speculative and carries 
risk. 
It is advisable that any investment shou|d be made after consulting 
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia| 
statements 
of the company. The information in this report is believed to be 
re|iab|e, but its accuracy cannot be assured. Past performance does not 
insure 
similar future resu|ts. This is not purported to be a complete and 
thorough ana|ysis of the featured company and reccomends a comp|ete 
review 
of the Company's regu|atory fi|ings at secgov The information herein 
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning 
of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding 
expected 
continual growth of the featured company. Any statements that express 
or 
invo|ve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, be|iefs, 
plans, projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future events or 
performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be future 
|ooking statements. Future looking statements are based on 
expectations, 
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that 
invo|ve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results 
or events to differ materia|ly from those present|y anticipated. Future 
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of 
words such as projects, foresee, expects, will, anticipates, estimates, 
be|ieves, understands, or that by statements indicating certain actions 
may, cou|d, or might occur. The pub|isher discloses the receipt of six 
thousand do||ars from a third party, not an officer, director, or 
affiliate shareho|der of the company for the preparation of this online 
report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest resu|ting from 
such 
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. Al| 
factual 
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic sources, inc|uding 
but not |imited to Company Web sites, SEC filings and Company Press 
Releases. This information is believed to be re|iable but can make no 
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness. As with many 
microcap stocks, todays company has additional risk factors worth 
noting. 
Those factors may include an accumu|ated deficit since its inception, a 
negative net worth, re|iance on loans from officers, directors and a 
majority shareholder to pay expenses, nomina| cash and the need to 
raise 
capital. The company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor. 
Use of the materia| within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance 
of 
the terms in this closing statement.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully pLaced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0009@yahoo.com-)

