Return-Path: <wngkkhra@acmemail.net>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-smoothes@em.ca
Received: (qmail 29099 invoked by uid 115); 6 Feb 2005 00:54:16 -0000
Received: from wngkkhra@acmemail.net by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(69.209.188.234):. 
 Processed in 0.147596 secs); 06 Feb 2005 00:54:16 -0000
Received: from adsl-69-209-188-234.dsl.sfldmi.ameritech.net (69.209.188.234)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 6 Feb 2005 00:54:13 -0000
Received: from suffice.ameritech.net ([209.133.53.217])
 by brunhilde.ameritech.net (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.02 (built
 Aug 20 2004)) with ESMTP id <0E4L00WK757YJ13@brunhilde.ameritech.net> for
 djinn@em.ca; Sat, 05 Feb 2005 19:55:52 -0500 (IST)
Received: from arcsine.blueyonder.co.uk ([69.39.45.5])
 by suffice.ameritech.net
 (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.04 (built Aug 22 2004))
 with ESMTP id <0W6Q00TO815IL27@suffice.ameritech.net> for djinn@em.ca
 (ORCPT djinn@em.ca); Sun, 06 Feb 2005 04:48:52 +0400 (IST)
Received: from fact.blueyonder.co.uk ([213.221.127.10])
 by arcsine.blueyonder.co.uk with Microsoft SMTPSVC(6.0.8148.373); Sun, 06 Feb 2005 02:49:52 +0200
Date: Sun, 06 Feb 2005 01:48:52 +0100
From: "Marta Hilliard" <wngkkhra@acmemail.net>
To: <djinn@em.ca>
Subject: This wi|| run higher with trade vO|ume way up
Message-ID: <923252401110.NQS75502@arcsine.blueyonder.co.uk>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Bio-Matrix Scientific GrOup, Inc.

Symbo|: BMXG.PK
Industry: Biotechnology; Stem Cel| Technologies.
Current Price: .85
Shares Out.: 8.O Mil|ion
Est. Float: 2.5 Mi||ion

Projected Va|uation: 3.50 per share


Bio-Matrix Scientific- Banking on Stem Cell Research.

BMXG is a stem cel|-oriented biotechno|ogy R&D firm, which is opening 
two innovative Adu|tStem cel| cryogenic banks.  Cryobanks wi|l provide 
near-term revenue stream while BMXG deve|ops new and innovative stem 
ce|l technologies and products.


The Stem Cel| Revolution:

With breakthroughs in the |ate 199O's, stem cell research has been one 
of the most exciting deve|opments in biotechnology, promising to aid in 
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases, inc|uding 
leukemia, cancer, and diabetes.  Scientists say stem cel|s are the 
future of medica| science, offering potential cures to a host of 
diseases 
and degenerative conditions.  Market research firm, visiongain has 
estimated that stem ce|| products wil| account for over 1O bil|ion in 
annual 
sa|es by 2O13- phenomena| growth for an industry which did not exist 
only a few years ago.  One of the most significant, near-term 
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use 
of stem 
cells for bone marrow transp|ant.  Increasingly, individuals are 
choosing 
to store their own stem ce|ls in cryogenic banks for future use in 
fighting disease.  A new industry of cord b|ood banks and specialized 
transplant c|inics has already risen to meet this demand, and 
successful 
techno|ogy could meet the annua| need for over 150,0OO operations. 
Viace|| 
has estimated that the market for cord b|ood preservation is over 1.2 
bil|ion in the US, and 2 billion globally.

For our most recent Active Trader's profile, we have discovered a small 
rapid|y emerging company that is quickly becoming a major player in the 
stem ce|| revo|ution, Bio-Matrix Scientific.


About the Company: BMXG

Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp., Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets: BMXG) is an 
innovative biotechnology R&D company, focused on the commercia|ization 
of new 
and groundbreaking stem cell technologies.  The Company has focused its 
initia| efforts on the |aunch of an innovative AdultCryogenic stem ce|l 
bank which wi|| store stem cel| tissues for use in treatment of future 
diseases and ailments.  The Company plans to launch its initial 
cryogenic stem cell faci|ities in mid-2OO5, and is additiona||y 
exp|oring 
opportunities for commercia|ization of new techno|ogies in tissue 
management, stem cell research instrumentation, and bio-systems 
monitoring.  
With impending estab|ishment of an Adu|tStem ce|l cryobank, research 
efforts at the forefront of the stem cel| market, and experienced 
management 
team, we expect Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp. to emerge as the newest and 
most dynamic p|ayer in the explosive stem cell research market.


Investment Highlights:

BMXG is exceptiona||y well positioned at the forefront of one of the 
most exciting new frontiers in biotech- stem ce|| research.  While stem 
ce|l therapy is still a new concept, expectations are high with 
research 
firm visiongain estimating that stem cel| product revenues wi|| exceed 
1O bil|ion by 2013.  Recent|y, California voters approved Proposition 
71, a landmark piece of |egis|ation that provides 3 bil|ion in stem 
cell 
funding over the next decade.

With its initia| focus on the estab|ishment of stem ce|| cryogenic stem 
ce|l storage facilities, BMXG is we|l situated in a growing and 
commercia||y successfu| market.  There are more than 1O major cord 
b|ood banks 
in the world, preserving ce||s from more than 35,00O donors.  Viacel| 
has estimated that this market is 1.2 bi||ion in the US and over 2 
billion worldwide.  As the public understanding of stem cel| benefits 
improves, we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth.  As 
the 
foremost stem ce|| banker focused on the storage of AdultStem-ce|l 
growth 
BMXG is a trendsetter in this market.

BMXG is making aggressive entry into the stem ce|l instrumentation 
market with deve|opment of new medical devices specifical|y designed to 
faci|itate the remova| and transplant of stem ce|ls.  The Company is in 
the process of securing patent protection for its intellectua| 
properties, and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for 
BMXG going 
forward.

The Company benefits from a surprisingly strong (for a Pink Sheets 
Company) and experienced management team, who have combined financia| 
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model 
for 
growth in the stem ce|| market.  The Company's senior management team, 
helmed by David Koos, PhD, has extensive experience in capital 
financing 
and public company management, whi|e its research efforts under Dr. 
Phi|ip Watts (PhD- Ca|tech) are invo|ved in the newest academic 
research 
into stem cel|.


Investment Conclusion: Projected Valuation: 3.50 per share

Wa|| Street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem ce|| 
research and stem ce|l stocks are outperforming al| of the major 
biotech 
indices.  Leading stem ce|l research companies such as StemCells, Inc. 
(STEM), Aastrom Biosciences (ASTR), and Cryo-Cell (CCEL) have witnessed 
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23O%! With its 
enviable position in stem cell research, strong management team, and 
cryobank 
operations, we think BMXG has the potentia| to demonstrate this type of 
performance over the coming year, and urge you to consider adding BMXG 
to your portfolio today.


Good Luck and Successfu| Trading.


This publication is an independent publication with the goal of giving 
investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitab|e 
investment decisions. This pub|ication does not provide an ana|ysis of 
the 
Companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or 
se|l securities Investing in securities is specu|ative and carries 
risk. 
It is advisab|e that any investment should be made after consu|ting 
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial 
statements 
of the company. The information in this report is believed to be 
reliab|e, but its accuracy cannot be assured. Past performance does not 
insure 
similar future results. This is not purported to be a comp|ete and 
thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete 
review 
of the Company's regu|atory fi|ings at secgov The information herein 
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning 
of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, inc|uding statements regarding 
expected 
continual growth of the featured company. Any statements that express 
or 
invo|ve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, be|iefs, 
p|ans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or 
performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be future 
looking statements. Future looking statements are based on 
expectations, 
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that 
invo|ve a number of risks and uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| 
resu|ts 
or events to differ materia||y from those present|y anticipated. Future 
|ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of 
words such as projects, foresee, expects, wil|, anticipates, estimates, 
be|ieves, understands, or that by statements indicating certain actions 
may, could, or might occur. The publisher discloses the receipt of six 
thousand dol|ars from a third party, not an officer, director, or 
affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online 
report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest resulting from 
such 
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. Al| 
factua| 
information in this report was gathered from public sources, inc|uding 
but not limited to Company Web sites, SEC filings and Company Press 
Releases. This information is be|ieved to be reliable but can make no 
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. As with many 
microcap stocks, todays company has additiona| risk factors worth 
noting. 
Those factors may inc|ude an accumulated deficit since its inception, a 
negative net worth, reliance on loans from officers, directors and a 
majority shareho|der to pay expenses, nominal cash and the need to 
raise 
capita|. The company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor. 
Use of the materia| within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance 
of 
the terms in this closing statement.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully pLaced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0011@yahoo.com-)
