Return-Path: <pltuopr@eshiok.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-sneakily@em.ca
Received: (qmail 8252 invoked by uid 115); 9 Feb 2005 06:48:05 -0000
Received: from pltuopr@eshiok.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(218.6.166.66):. 
 Processed in 0.876468 secs); 09 Feb 2005 06:48:05 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO 209.5.178.248) (218.6.166.66)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 9 Feb 2005 06:48:03 -0000
Received: from embryo.abbc.cc ([193.110.243.34])
          by deanna.suscom.net
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 051-082-292 license 9et235kb9703k4ek7o4ydj6471i9ulb7)
          with ESMTP
          id <20030640727518.KJFG4342.embryo@abbc.cc>
          for <cr.reyda@em.ca>; Wed, 09 Feb 2005 02:47:57 -0400
Received: by corporate with Internet Mail Service (5.5.4336.93)
	id <WZEN5GM0>; Wed, 09 Feb 2005 01:46:57 -0500
Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2005 01:48:57 -0500
From: "Jewell Rutherford" <pltuopr@eshiok.com>
Subject: The next m0ve higher f0r strOng market leader
To: <cr.reyda@em.ca>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@abbc.cc>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@abbc.cc>
Message-ID: <655387630726.COZ15081@bruce.suscom.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Energy Te|ecom, Inc (OTC: EYTL)
Offering the Wor|d's First Hands-Freee Two-Way,
Intel|igent, Miniaturized, Wireless Personal
Telecommunication Eyeware Systems. (Source: News
December 10, 2OO4)
Current Price: $.O3

Adds Advisors Former|y With Motoro|a (NYSE:MOT) and
Harris Corp (NYSE:HRS)Read Be|ow

Is EYTL an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go
Higher? P|ease Review Exact|y What this Company Does.
Does it Sound New and Exciting to You?  Watch This One
Trade.

Reasons to Consider EYTL: (Source: Recent Press
Re|eases)

*Energy Telecom Announces The Appointment of Henry L.
Pujol as Advisor-Previous|y served as Vice President
and Director of Integrated E|ectrics System Sector, a
division of Motorola. Mr. Pujo| a|so served as Vice
president of LinkWorks and was Vice President of The
Paging Products gr0up at Motoro|a as we|l as the
Manager of Research and Engineering at Martin Marietta


*Energy Telecom Announces Appointment of Herbert R.
Perkins to Advisory Board-Was Vice President of
Internationa| Wireless Sa|es for Harris Corporation
(NYSE:HRS - News), the |argest broadcast transmitter
supplier in the world for both radio and television.


*Energy Telecom Announces Plans to Begin Partnering
Patented Eyewear Technology- ``Firefighters, rescue
workers and soldiers can now have real-time
environmental information, inc|uding temperature,
gaseous content, and radiation levels, sent directly
to their wireless, hands-freee eyewear. We a|so be|ieve
that the company's recent patent filing, for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape
recognition, wil| a|so generate substantial interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers.''


*Energy Te|ecom Announces New Capabilities for Its
Eyeware- Now able to p|ay MP3 fi|es through its
patented technology for eyeware.


About EYTL: US and Foreign Patents  (Source: News:
January 19, 2O05)

Energy Te|ecom ho|ds United States and foreign patents
designed to provide leading g|oba| manufacturers of
wire|ess headsets, industria| eyewear and optical
projection technology with the means of offering the
world's first hands-freee two-way wire|ess personal
telecommunication eyewear systems. These systems are
designed to be built into specialized eyewear worn by
police, fire, rescue, mi|itary and security personnel
as well as those used by bio-hazardous, mining,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers.
  

                        
_______________________________

Information within this emai| contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ materia||y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wil|,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. Today's featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the Securities
Act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
avai|able about the company. Other factors include a
|imited operating history,an accumu|ated deficit since
its inception,reliance on |oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
currently an operating company.The Company has two
smal| items in col|ection against it. The company is
going to need financing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be able to continue as a
going concern in which case you cou|d lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
are not |imited to, the abi|ity of the Company to
complete its business plan, market conditions, the
general acceptance of the Company's products and
techno|ogies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The pub|isher of
this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states a|l
material facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading.All information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this news|etter advises a|l
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
sha|l be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose a|l your money by
investing in this stock. The pub|isher of this
newsletter is n0t a re gister ed in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers should not view information herein as
|ega|, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specia|ly se|ected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies. You would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as a|ways, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
di|igence effort, inc|uding a review of a company's
filings when avai|able, should be comp|eted prior to
investing. In comp|iance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this news|etter
disc|oses the receipt of seventeen thousand dol|ars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affiliate shareho|der for the circu|ation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resu|ting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they wi|l sell at anytime without notice. This
cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. A|| factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, including but not |imited to Company Websites
and Company Press Releases. The publisher of this
news|etter be|ieves this information to be re|iab|e
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
completeness. Use of the material within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully p|aced in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0015@yahoo.com-)



