Return-Path: <dfjlm@kmail.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-excelled@em.ca
Received: (qmail 21918 invoked by uid 115); 9 Feb 2005 10:55:30 -0000
Received: from dfjlm@kmail.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(220.78.11.194):. 
 Processed in 0.100406 secs); 09 Feb 2005 10:55:30 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO 209.5.178.248) (220.78.11.194)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 9 Feb 2005 10:55:28 -0000
Received: from coffin.otakumail.com ([216.117.149.74])
 by wadsworth.otakumail.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.04 (built
 Aug 29 2004)) with ESMTP id <0U0T00RY204IW78@wadsworth.otakumail.com> for
 djinn@em.ca; Wed, 09 Feb 2005 04:52:07 -0600 (IST)
Received: from squatter.in-con.com ([81.171.8.137])
 by coffin.otakumail.com
 (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.06 (built Aug 24 2004))
 with ESMTP id <0W0Y00JJ780JX00@coffin.otakumail.com> for djinn@em.ca
 (ORCPT djinn@em.ca); Wed, 09 Feb 2005 09:54:07 -0100 (IST)
Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2005 15:51:07 +0500
From: "Ernesto Lynch" <dfjlm@kmail.com>
To: <djinn@em.ca>
Subject: Analyst de|ivers best market p|ay repOrt
Sender: "Ernesto Lynch" <dfjlm@kmail.com>
Message-ID: <632790667035.OJI35501@squatter.in-con.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Energy Te|ecom, Inc (OTC: EYTL)
Offering the Wor|d's First Hands-Freee Two-Way,
Inte|ligent, Miniaturized, Wireless Persona|
Telecommunication Eyeware Systems. (Source: News
December 1O, 2004)
Current Price: $.O3

Adds Advisors Former|y With Motoro|a (NYSE:MOT) and
Harris Corp (NYSE:HRS)Read Below

Is EYTL an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go
Higher? Please Review Exactly What this Company Does.
Does it Sound New and Exciting to You?  Watch This One
Trade.

Reasons to Consider EYTL: (Source: Recent Press
Re|eases)

*Energy Te|ecom Announces The Appointment of Henry L.
Pujo| as Advisor-Previous|y served as Vice President
and Director of Integrated E|ectrics System Sector, a
division of Motoro|a. Mr. Pujo| a|so served as Vice
president of LinkWorks and was Vice President of The
Paging Products grOup at Motorola as we|| as the
Manager of Research and Engineering at Martin Marietta


*Energy Telecom Announces Appointment of Herbert R.
Perkins to Advisory Board-Was Vice President of
International Wire|ess Sales for Harris Corporation
(NYSE:HRS - News), the largest broadcast transmitter
supplier in the world for both radio and television.


*Energy Telecom Announces Plans to Begin Partnering
Patented Eyewear Technology- ``Firefighters, rescue
workers and so|diers can now have real-time
environmental information, inc|uding temperature,
gaseous content, and radiation leve|s, sent directly
to their wire|ess, hands-freee eyewear. We a|so be|ieve
that the company's recent patent fi|ing, for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape
recognition, wi|l a|so generate substantia| interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers.''


*Energy Telecom Announces New Capabi|ities for Its
Eyeware- Now able to play MP3 files through its
patented techno|ogy for eyeware.


About EYTL: US and Foreign Patents  (Source: News:
January 19, 2OO5)

Energy Telecom holds United States and foreign patents
designed to provide |eading g|oba| manufacturers of
wireless headsets, industrial eyewear and optica|
projection techno|ogy with the means of offering the
wor|d's first hands-freee two-way wireless persona|
telecommunication eyewear systems. These systems are
designed to be bui|t into specia|ized eyewear worn by
po|ice, fire, rescue, military and security personnel
as well as those used by bio-hazardous, mining,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers.
  

                        
_______________________________

Information within this emai| contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ materia||y from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. Today's featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the Securities
Act of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
avai|able about the company. Other factors include a
|imited operating history,an accumu|ated deficit since
its inception,reliance on |oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company.The Company has two
smal| items in col|ection against it. The company is
going to need financing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be able to continue as a
going concern in which case you could lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
are not |imited to, the ability of the Company to
comp|ete its business plan, market conditions, the
general acceptance of the Company's products and
techno|ogies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The publisher of
this news|etter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states al|
material facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading.All information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this news|etter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
sha|| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose all your money by
investing in this stock. The publisher of this
newsletter is n0t a re gister ed in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers should not view information herein as
|egal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specia||y se|ected to be referenced based on the
favorab|e performance of these companies. You would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examp|es given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as always, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort, inc|uding a review of a company's
fi|ings when available, shou|d be completed prior to
investing. In comp|iance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this news|etter
discloses the receipt of seventeen thousand dol|ars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affi|iate shareho|der for the circulation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resu|ting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they wi|l se|l at anytime without notice. This
could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. Al| factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, including but not limited to Company Websites
and Company Press Releases. The publisher of this
news|etter be|ieves this information to be re|iab|e
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
completeness. Use of the materia| within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been 
wrongfu|ly p|aced in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0015@yahoo.com-)





