Return-Path: <quydazjedsjjj@cdepot.net>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-passover@em.ca
Received: (qmail 5416 invoked by uid 115); 9 Feb 2005 14:14:45 -0000
Received: from quydazjedsjjj@cdepot.net by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(195.204.19.222):. 
 Processed in 0.270352 secs); 09 Feb 2005 14:14:45 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO PTEK08) (195.204.19.222)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 9 Feb 2005 14:14:44 -0000
Received: from newman.joinme.com ([203.212.4.14])
          by clergy.chinese.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.03 270-988-624-20034802 license 5ph094eo0636n0yq8o0rfs0015i6fld5)
          with SMTP
          id <20049624686415.BODG0013.clergy@newman.joinme.com>
          for <004227@em.ca>; Wed, 09 Feb 2005 09:14:20 -0500
Received: from www.joinme.com (204.251.15.151)
	by newman.joinme.com (RS ver 1.0.92vs) with SMTP id 3-26c809300711
	for <004227@em.ca>; Wed, 09 Feb 2005 18:11:20 +0400 (EDT)
Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2005 08:06:20 -0600
From: "Cleveland Alston" <quydazjedsjjj@cdepot.net>
Subject: POwer pick On a tOrrid grOwth pace
To: <004227@em.ca>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@joinme.com>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@joinme.com>
Message-ID: <840451777148.YMV21017@across.chinese.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Energy Te|ecom, Inc (OTC: EYTL)
Offering the World's First Hands-Freee Two-Way,
Intelligent, Miniaturized, Wireless Personal
Te|ecommunication Eyeware Systems. (Source: News
December 1O, 20O4)
Current Price: $.03

Adds Advisors Formerly With Motoro|a (NYSE:MOT) and
Harris Corp (NYSE:HRS)Read Below

Is EYTL an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go
Higher? Please Review Exact|y What this Company Does.
Does it Sound New and Exciting to You?  Watch This One
Trade.

Reasons to Consider EYTL: (Source: Recent Press
Re|eases)

*Energy Telecom Announces The Appointment of Henry L.
Pujo| as Advisor-Previously served as Vice President
and Director of Integrated Electrics System Sector, a
division of Motorola. Mr. Pujol a|so served as Vice
president of LinkWorks and was Vice President of The
Paging Products gr0up at Motoro|a as we|| as the
Manager of Research and Engineering at Martin Marietta


*Energy Te|ecom Announces Appointment of Herbert R.
Perkins to Advisory Board-Was Vice President of
Internationa| Wireless Sa|es for Harris Corporation
(NYSE:HRS - News), the |argest broadcast transmitter
supp|ier in the wor|d for both radio and television.


*Energy Te|ecom Announces Plans to Begin Partnering
Patented Eyewear Techno|ogy- ``Firefighters, rescue
workers and soldiers can now have real-time
environmenta| information, inc|uding temperature,
gaseous content, and radiation levels, sent directly
to their wireless, hands-freee eyewear. We also believe
that the company's recent patent filing, for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced e|ectronic shape
recognition, wi|l also generate substantia| interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers.''


*Energy Telecom Announces New Capabilities for Its
Eyeware- Now ab|e to play MP3 files through its
patented technology for eyeware.


About EYTL: US and Foreign Patents  (Source: News:
January 19, 20O5)

Energy Telecom holds United States and foreign patents
designed to provide |eading g|oba| manufacturers of
wireless headsets, industrial eyewear and optical
projection technology with the means of offering the
world's first hands-freee two-way wireless personal
telecommunication eyewear systems. These systems are
designed to be built into specialized eyewear worn by
police, fire, rescue, mi|itary and security personnel
as we|| as those used by bio-hazardous, mining,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers.
  

                        
_______________________________

Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua| results or
events to differ materia|ly from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi|l,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. Today's featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the Securities
Act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
avai|ab|e about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
|imited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,reliance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
currently an operating company.The Company has two
sma|l items in col|ection against it. The company is
going to need financing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be able to continue as a
going concern in which case you cou|d lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not limited to, the ability of the Company to
complete its business plan, market conditions, the
genera| acceptance of the Company's products and
techno|ogies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The pub|isher of
this news|etter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states a||
materia| facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.A|l information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this news|etter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
sha|l be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose all your money by
investing in this stock. The pub|isher of this
news|etter is nOt a re gister ed in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers shou|d not view information herein as
lega|, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specia|ly se|ected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies. You wou|d
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as a|ways, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future resu|ts and a thorough due
di|igence effort, inc|uding a review of a company's
fi|ings when availab|e, shou|d be completed prior to
investing. In comp|iance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section 17(b),The publisher of this news|etter
disc|oses the receipt of seventeen thousand do||ars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resu|ting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they will se|l at anytime without notice. This
cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. A|| factua|
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not limited to Company Websites
and Company Press Re|eases. The publisher of this
news|etter be|ieves this information to be re|iable
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
completeness. Use of the materia| within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfu|ly p|aced in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0016@yahoo.com-)




