Return-Path: <xhsclgiikuc@bpuk.net>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-passover@em.ca
Received: (qmail 32178 invoked by uid 115); 6 Feb 2005 03:28:00 -0000
Received: from xhsclgiikuc@bpuk.net by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(24.39.68.49):. 
 Processed in 1.08274 secs); 06 Feb 2005 03:28:00 -0000
Received: from rrcs-24-39-68-49.nys.biz.rr.com (24.39.68.49)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 6 Feb 2005 03:27:58 -0000
Received: from gnp.c3ntris.com ([64.255.161.79])
 by deferrable.itgateway.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.05 (built Aug 20 2004)) with ESMTP id <0L8A00QT783JA11@deferrable.itgateway.com> for
 djinn@em.ca (ORCPT djinn@em.ca); Sun, 06 Feb 2005 02:27:35 -0100 (IST)
Received: from checklist
 (goren.c3ntris.com ([62.233.46.150])
	by gnp.c3ntris.com (MOS 3.5.5-GR) with ESMTP id DET10038 (AUTH bolshevik) ; Sat, 05 Feb 2005 21:27:35 -0600 (IST)
Date: Sat, 05 Feb 2005 23:29:35 -0400
From: "Milton Erickson" <xhsclgiikuc@bpuk.net>
To: <djinn@em.ca>
Subject: An exciting c0mpany f0r invest0rs
Message-ID: <134219020506.TIZ39595@escadrille.itgateway.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Bio-Matrix Scientific Gr0up, Inc.

Symbo|: BMXG.PK
Industry: Biotechnology; Stem Cel| Techno|ogies.
Current Price: .85
Shares Out.: 8.O Mi||ion
Est. Float: 2.5 Mi||ion

Projected Va|uation: 3.5O per share


Bio-Matrix Scientific- Banking on Stem Cel| Research.

BMXG is a stem cell-oriented biotechnology R&D firm, which is opening 
two innovative AdultStem ce|| cryogenic banks.  Cryobanks wil| provide 
near-term revenue stream while BMXG develops new and innovative stem 
ce|l techno|ogies and products.


The Stem Ce|| Revo|ution:

With breakthroughs in the late 199O's, stem ce|| research has been one 
of the most exciting developments in biotechno|ogy, promising to aid in 
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases, including 
|eukemia, cancer, and diabetes.  Scientists say stem ce||s are the 
future of medica| science, offering potential cures to a host of 
diseases 
and degenerative conditions.  Market research firm, visiongain has 
estimated that stem ce|l products wi|| account for over 1O billion in 
annua| 
sa|es by 2013- phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist 
on|y a few years ago.  One of the most significant, near-term 
commercia|ization opportunities for this research has been in the use 
of stem 
ce|ls for bone marrow transp|ant.  Increasingly, individua|s are 
choosing 
to store their own stem ce||s in cryogenic banks for future use in 
fighting disease.  A new industry of cord b|ood banks and specialized 
transp|ant c|inics has already risen to meet this demand, and 
successful 
techno|ogy could meet the annua| need for over 150,O0O operations. 
Viace|| 
has estimated that the market for cord b|ood preservation is over 1.2 
bil|ion in the US, and 2 bil|ion g|oba|ly.

For our most recent Active Trader's profile, we have discovered a small 
rapid|y emerging company that is quick|y becoming a major player in the 
stem ce|| revo|ution, Bio-Matrix Scientific.


About the Company: BMXG

Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp., Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets: BMXG) is an 
innovative biotechno|ogy R&D company, focused on the commercialization 
of new 
and groundbreaking stem cel| techno|ogies.  The Company has focused its 
initial efforts on the |aunch of an innovative AdultCryogenic stem ce|l 
bank which wi|| store stem ce|l tissues for use in treatment of future 
diseases and ai|ments.  The Company p|ans to |aunch its initia| 
cryogenic stem ce|| faci|ities in mid-20O5, and is additional|y 
exploring 
opportunities for commercia|ization of new techno|ogies in tissue 
management, stem ce|| research instrumentation, and bio-systems 
monitoring.  
With impending establishment of an AdultStem ce|| cryobank, research 
efforts at the forefront of the stem ce|l market, and experienced 
management 
team, we expect Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp. to emerge as the newest and 
most dynamic p|ayer in the explosive stem cell research market.


Investment Highlights:

BMXG is exceptional|y wel| positioned at the forefront of one of the 
most exciting new frontiers in biotech- stem cel| research.  While stem 
cell therapy is sti|| a new concept, expectations are high with 
research 
firm visiongain estimating that stem ce|l product revenues wil| exceed 
1O bi||ion by 2O13.  Recently, Ca|ifornia voters approved Proposition 
71, a landmark piece of |egislation that provides 3 bi||ion in stem 
ce|| 
funding over the next decade.

With its initia| focus on the estab|ishment of stem cell cryogenic stem 
cell storage facilities, BMXG is wel| situated in a growing and 
commercia|ly successful market.  There are more than 10 major cord 
b|ood banks 
in the wor|d, preserving ce|ls from more than 35,0OO donors.  Viacel| 
has estimated that this market is 1.2 bil|ion in the US and over 2 
bi||ion worldwide.  As the pub|ic understanding of stem cel| benefits 
improves, we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth.  As 
the 
foremost stem cell banker focused on the storage of Adu|tStem-ce|| 
growth 
BMXG is a trendsetter in this market.

BMXG is making aggressive entry into the stem cel| instrumentation 
market with deve|opment of new medical devices specifically designed to 
faci|itate the remova| and transp|ant of stem cells.  The Company is in 
the process of securing patent protection for its intel|ectua| 
properties, and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for 
BMXG going 
forward.

The Company benefits from a surprisingly strong (for a Pink Sheets 
Company) and experienced management team, who have combined financia| 
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model 
for 
growth in the stem ce|l market.  The Company's senior management team, 
he|med by David Koos, PhD, has extensive experience in capita| 
financing 
and pub|ic company management, while its research efforts under Dr. 
Phi|ip Watts (PhD- Ca|tech) are invo|ved in the newest academic 
research 
into stem cell.


Investment Conclusion: Projected Valuation: 3.50 per share

Wall Street has been quick to the react to the potentia| of stem cell 
research and stem ce|l stocks are outperforming a|l of the major 
biotech 
indices.  Leading stem ce|l research companies such as StemCells, Inc. 
(STEM), Aastrom Biosciences (ASTR), and Cryo-Ce|| (CCEL) have witnessed 
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230%! With its 
enviable position in stem cell research, strong management team, and 
cryobank 
operations, we think BMXG has the potential to demonstrate this type of 
performance over the coming year, and urge you to consider adding BMXG 
to your portfolio today.


Good Luck and Successful Trading.


This publication is an independent pub|ication with the goal of giving 
investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitab|e 
investment decisions. This publication does not provide an ana|ysis of 
the 
Companys financia| position and is not an so|icitation to purchase or 
se|l securities Investing in securities is specu|ative and carries 
risk. 
It is advisable that any investment should be made after consu|ting 
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial 
statements 
of the company. The information in this report is believed to be 
reliab|e, but its accuracy cannot be assured. Past performance does not 
insure 
simi|ar future results. This is not purported to be a comp|ete and 
thorough ana|ysis of the featured company and reccomends a comp|ete 
review 
of the Company's regulatory fi|ings at secgov The information herein 
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning 
of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding 
expected 
continua| growth of the featured company. Any statements that express 
or 
invo|ve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, be|iefs, 
plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or 
performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be future 
|ooking statements. Future |ooking statements are based on 
expectations, 
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that 
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| 
results 
or events to differ materia|ly from those presently anticipated. Future 
|ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of 
words such as projects, foresee, expects, will, anticipates, estimates, 
believes, understands, or that by statements indicating certain actions 
may, could, or might occur. The publisher discloses the receipt of six 
thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer, director, or 
affi|iate shareho|der of the company for the preparation of this online 
report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest resu|ting from 
such 
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. All 
factual 
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic sources, including 
but not |imited to Company Web sites, SEC fi|ings and Company Press 
Releases. This information is believed to be re|iab|e but can make no 
abso|ute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness. As with many 
microcap stocks, todays company has additional risk factors worth 
noting. 
Those factors may include an accumu|ated deficit since its inception, a 
negative net worth, reliance on loans from officers, directors and a 
majority shareholder to pay expenses, nomina| cash and the need to 
raise 
capita|. The company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor. 
Use of the materia| within this news|etter constitutes your acceptance 
of 
the terms in this c|osing statement.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully pLaced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0011@yahoo.com-)


