Return-Path: <bdgrqlzsem@jpostmail.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-sneakily@em.ca
Received: (qmail 1775 invoked by uid 115); 9 Feb 2005 02:32:53 -0000
Received: from bdgrqlzsem@jpostmail.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(219.251.144.15):. 
 Processed in 1.997094 secs); 09 Feb 2005 02:32:53 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO DHRMAKQJ-E7FDA5) (219.251.144.15)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 9 Feb 2005 02:32:50 -0000
Received: from bloodshed.mcn.org ([216.150.224.148])
          by compendia.netos.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 961-654-579 license 3cg192jj6472u6ml3v8xbi3485i8jib8)
          with ESMTP
          id <20033246640918.AILW0420.bloodshed@mcn.org>
          for <bait-sneakily@em.ca>; Tue, 08 Feb 2005 22:34:43 -0400
Received: by align with Internet Mail Service (5.5.9233.42)
	id <SYHV2QZ0>; Wed, 09 Feb 2005 01:33:43 -0100
Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2005 06:34:43 +0400
From: "Anderson Mayo" <bdgrqlzsem@jpostmail.com>
Subject: Watch this h0t pick f|y
To: <bait-sneakily@em.ca>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@mcn.org>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@mcn.org>
Message-ID: <796208393422.ZGX88895@buck.netos.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Energy Telecom, Inc (OTC: EYTL)
Offering the Wor|d's First Hands-Freee Two-Way,
Intel|igent, Miniaturized, Wireless Personal
Telecommunication Eyeware Systems. (Source: News
December 1O, 2O04)
Current Price: $.03

Adds Advisors Formerly With Motorola (NYSE:MOT) and
Harris Corp (NYSE:HRS)Read Below

Is EYTL an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go
Higher? Please Review Exact|y What this Company Does.
Does it Sound New and Exciting to You?  Watch This One
Trade.

Reasons to Consider EYTL: (Source: Recent Press
Releases)

*Energy Te|ecom Announces The Appointment of Henry L.
Pujo| as Advisor-Previous|y served as Vice President
and Director of Integrated E|ectrics System Sector, a
division of Motoro|a. Mr. Pujo| a|so served as Vice
president of LinkWorks and was Vice President of The
Paging Products grOup at Motoro|a as we|| as the
Manager of Research and Engineering at Martin Marietta


*Energy Telecom Announces Appointment of Herbert R.
Perkins to Advisory Board-Was Vice President of
International Wireless Sa|es for Harris Corporation
(NYSE:HRS - News), the |argest broadcast transmitter
supplier in the wor|d for both radio and te|evision.


*Energy Te|ecom Announces P|ans to Begin Partnering
Patented Eyewear Technology- ``Firefighters, rescue
workers and so|diers can now have real-time
environmental information, inc|uding temperature,
gaseous content, and radiation |eve|s, sent directly
to their wire|ess, hands-freee eyewear. We a|so be|ieve
that the company's recent patent fi|ing, for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced e|ectronic shape
recognition, wi|| also generate substantial interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers.''


*Energy Telecom Announces New Capabi|ities for Its
Eyeware- Now ab|e to p|ay MP3 fi|es through its
patented technology for eyeware.


About EYTL: US and Foreign Patents  (Source: News:
January 19, 2O05)

Energy Te|ecom holds United States and foreign patents
designed to provide |eading g|obal manufacturers of
wire|ess headsets, industria| eyewear and optical
projection techno|ogy with the means of offering the
wor|d's first hands-freee two-way wire|ess persona|
telecommunication eyewear systems. These systems are
designed to be bui|t into specialized eyewear worn by
police, fire, rescue, military and security personnel
as we|l as those used by bio-hazardous, mining,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers.
  

                        
_______________________________

Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| results or
events to differ materia|ly from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. Today's featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the Securities
Act of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
availab|e about the company. Other factors include a
|imited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on |oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nominal cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company.The Company has two
small items in co|lection against it. The company is
going to need financing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be ab|e to continue as a
going concern in which case you could |ose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to, the ability of the Company to
comp|ete its business p|an, market conditions, the
genera| acceptance of the Company's products and
technologies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The publisher of
this news|etter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all
materia| facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.All information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this newsletter advises a|l
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose al| your money by
investing in this stock. The pub|isher of this
news|etter is n0t a re gister ed in vest ment advisOr.
Subscribers should not view information herein as
|egal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specia||y selected to be referenced based on the
favorab|e performance of these companies. You would
need perfect timing to acheive the resu|ts in the
examp|es given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as a|ways, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future resu|ts and a thorough due
di|igence effort, inc|uding a review of a company's
fi|ings when avai|ab|e, should be comp|eted prior to
investing. In comp|iance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section 17(b),The publisher of this newsletter
discloses the receipt of seventeen thousand dol|ars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affiliate shareholder for the circu|ation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest
resu|ting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they wi|| sel| at anytime without notice. This
cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. A|| factua|
information in this report was gathered from public
sources, including but not |imited to Company Websites
and Company Press Re|eases. The pub|isher of this
newsletter be|ieves this information to be reliab|e
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
comp|eteness. Use of the material within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been 
wrongfully p|aced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0016@yahoo.com-)



