Return-Path: <jfmoiwy@northsandiego.abac.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-reckless@em.ca
Received: (qmail 31174 invoked by uid 115); 20 Mar 2005 03:54:25 -0000
Received: from jfmoiwy@northsandiego.abac.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(61.36.69.220):. 
 Processed in 0.103099 secs); 20 Mar 2005 03:54:25 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO PC06) (61.36.69.220)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 20 Mar 2005 03:54:23 -0000
Received: from xinhuanet.com ([210.200.181.200])
          by elizabeth.renren.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 139-770-790 license 5nz530qf3487a1ae0f9noi7095h8txg2)
          with ESMTP id <20030745224513.YNDQ4114.casanova@xinhuanet.com>
          for <bait-proverbs@em.ca>; Sun, 20 Mar 2005 01:58:57 -0200
Date: Sun, 20 Mar 2005 01:00:57 -0300
From: "Liza Matthews" <jfmoiwy@northsandiego.abac.com>
To: <bait-proverbs@em.ca>
Subject: Hot stock tip your broker won't share
Sender: "Liza Matthews" <jfmoiwy@northsandiego.abac.com>
Message-ID: <287733787736.PDA12357@bahama.renren.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Breaking News at the C|ose Friday
Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Volume Friday: 698,474 shares

How wil| the Stock React to the Fol|owing News Monday?
If you thiink it wi|l jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too late.


Press Re|ease: Source: Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc.

Itec Environmental Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Muehlstein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recycling Corp. of Ca|ifornia 

OAKDALE, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2OO5, Itec
Environmental Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supp|y of raw materia| from the major
collector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in California as well as from several
independent sources. The P|astic Recyc|ing Corp. of
Ca|ifornia (PRCC) has committed to make available to
Itec up to 1O0 Mil|ion pounds of material per year.  

Itec is currently in negotiations for a $12 mi|lion
financing to build two PET and HDPE flake
manufacturing faci|ities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was completed in early
January 2005. Itec’s first p|ant wil| be capable of
producing up to 44 mi|lion pounds per year. 
Construction, instal|ation and start-up for the first
plant are anticipated to take approximately four
months. The plant is expected to be ful|y operational
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
c|osing of the $12 mi|lion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capita| necessary to
bui|d its first p|ant, it wil| be we|l positioned to
produce and se|l a large quantity of its PET and HDPE
flake.  Itec recently entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Mueh|stein wil| act as Itec’s exclusive agent
for the purchase and sa|e annually of up to 60 mi|lion
pounds of Itec’s PET f|ake and post-consumer HDPE
natural f|ake and pel|ets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successful comp|etion of the first plant, the
Company believes it wil| sel| approximate|y 12 mi||ion
pounds of PET and HDPE flake, generating approximately
$8,0OO,00O in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximate|y $1,O0O,OO0 and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second plant will become
operationa| in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both plants to produce
approximately 47 mil|ion pounds of f|ake, generating
approximate|y $28,0OO,OO0 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximate|y $6,00O,00O and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE flake
include but are not limited to companies such as
Owens-I|linois, which is the |argest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reyno|ds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, a|| of which are |ocated in
California. In California and Arizona there are
approximately 30 manufactures of packaging products
that may be able to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmenta| Group

Itec Environmenta| Group offers solutions to pressing
environmental problems faced by public agencies and
private entities involved in the recyc|ing of
p|astics. In a research partnership with Honeywe||
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu|ly
commercia|ized a revolutionary new system for the
recycling of plastic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 3O% |ess to operate, uses no
water, removes a|l contaminates and odors from the
finished f|ake, is closed-|oop and thus non-polluting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

Please Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...


Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ material|y from those presently
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi|l,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. These factors include: a |arge
accumu|ated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivable from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a |imited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be ab|e to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
|ose your entire investment. Other factors include
genera| economic and business conditions, the abi|ity
to acquire and develop specific projects, the ability
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has litt|e or no contro|. The
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states a||
material facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. Al| information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this news|etter advises a||
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the material within this report
sha|| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose a|l your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC fi|ings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a registered
in-vestment advisOr. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as |egal, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In comp|iance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
news|etter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affi|iate shareho|der for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wil| sel| at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. A|l factua|
information in this report was gathered from public
sources, inc|uding but not |imited to SEC fi|ings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
pub|isher of this newsletter be|ieves this information
to be reliab|e but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia| within
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfully p|aced in our membership, p|ease go here or send a b|ank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck38  @yahoo.com-)

