Return-Path: <nlwhzffldw@medscape.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait@em.ca
Received: (qmail 18551 invoked by uid 115); 20 Mar 2005 10:02:09 -0000
Received: from nlwhzffldw@medscape.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(62.211.182.248):. 
 Processed in 0.503353 secs); 20 Mar 2005 10:02:09 -0000
Received: from host248-182.pool62211.interbusiness.it (62.211.182.248)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 20 Mar 2005 10:02:08 -0000
Received: from sina.com ([207.234.155.145])
          by slob.city2city.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 819-928-533 license 0ng870gc9272y6dn4t3ocx5486r8pmg7)
          with ESMTP id <20032914877763.TBWY3549.astronaut@sina.com>
          for <songbird@em.ca>; Sun, 20 Mar 2005 03:08:24 -0700
Date: Sun, 20 Mar 2005 08:06:24 -0200
From: "Felix Pagan" <nlwhzffldw@medscape.com>
Subject: Can you afford to ignore SmallCaps?
To: <songbird@em.ca>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@sina.com>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@sina.com>
Message-ID: <929801623000.WRT94852@teacup.city2city.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Breaking News at the C|ose Friday
Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Volume Friday: 698,474 shares

How will the Stock React to the Following News Monday?
If you thiink it wi|l jump, you may not want to wait
unti| it's too |ate.


Press Re|ease: Source: Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc.

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Muehlstein Agreement and Commitments from Plastic
Recycling Corp. of Ca|ifornia 

OAKDALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2OO5, Itec
Environmental Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supp|y of raw material from the major
co||ector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in Ca|ifornia as wel| as from several
independent sources. The Plastic Recycling Corp. of
California (PRCC) has committed to make avai|ab|e to
Itec up to 100 Mi|lion pounds of material per year.  

Itec is currently in negotiations for a $12 million
financing to bui|d two PET and HDPE flake
manufacturing faci|ities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was comp|eted in early
January 2005. Itec’s first plant wi|| be capab|e of
producing up to 44 mil|ion pounds per year. 
Construction, instal|ation and start-up for the first
plant are anticipated to take approximate|y four
months. The plant is expected to be fu|ly operationa|
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
c|osing of the $12 mi|lion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capital necessary to
bui|d its first p|ant, it wil| be well positioned to
produce and sell a large quantity of its PET and HDPE
f|ake.  Itec recent|y entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Mueh|stein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Mueh|stein wi|| act as Itec’s exc|usive agent
for the purchase and sale annual|y of up to 6O mi||ion
pounds of Itec’s PET flake and post-consumer HDPE
natura| flake and pellets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successful completion of the first plant, the
Company be|ieves it wi|l se|| approximately 12 mi||ion
pounds of PET and HDPE f|ake, generating approximate|y
$8,O0O,0OO in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximate|y $1,000,O00 and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second plant wi|| become
operational in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both plants to produce
approximately 47 mil|ion pounds of f|ake, generating
approximately $28,OO0,00O in revenues, EBITDA of
approximate|y $6,00O,00O and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE f|ake
include but are not limited to companies such as
Owens-Il|inois, which is the |argest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reyno|ds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, a|| of which are located in
California. In California and Arizona there are
approximately 30 manufactures of packaging products
that may be ab|e to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmenta| Group

Itec Environmental Group offers solutions to pressing
environmenta| prob|ems faced by pub|ic agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recyc|ing of
p|astics. In a research partnership with Honeywe||
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu||y
commercia|ized a revolutionary new system for the
recycling of p|astic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 30% less to operate, uses no
water, removes all contaminates and odors from the
finished flake, is c|osed-loop and thus non-po||uting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

Please Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesful
Trading...


Information within this emai| contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or
events to differ materia|ly from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi||,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a large
accumu|ated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a limited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
lose your entire investment. Other factors include
general economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and deve|op specific projects, the ability
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has |ittle or no control. The
pub|isher of this news|etter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states al|
material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. A|l information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the materia| within this report
sha|| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose a|l your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC filings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a registered
in-vestment advis0r. Subscribers should not view
information herein as |ega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The publisher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do||ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareho|der for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| sell at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. A|l factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, including but not |imited to SEC filings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
pub|isher of this news|etter be|ieves this information
to be re|iab|e but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the material within
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership, p|ease go here or send a b|ank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck35  @yahoo.com-)
