Return-Path: <kbwfgz@inow.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-passover@em.ca
Received: (qmail 18704 invoked by uid 115); 20 Mar 2005 10:02:32 -0000
Received: from kbwfgz@inow.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(62.211.182.248):. 
 Processed in 0.513414 secs); 20 Mar 2005 10:02:32 -0000
Received: from host248-182.pool62211.interbusiness.it (62.211.182.248)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 20 Mar 2005 10:02:31 -0000
Received: from genteel.bangkok.com ([205.216.134.137])
          by accusation.gohip.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 794-390-324 license 2ex004bs1753t1lx0m2bmh7893e3wxx2)
          with ESMTP
          id <20033768398309.SUPA0889.genteel@bangkok.com>
          for <tomg@em.ca>; Sun, 20 Mar 2005 15:08:52 +0500
Received: by joy with Internet Mail Service (5.5.7455.38)
	id <BJNP6KD2>; Sun, 20 Mar 2005 04:00:52 -0600
Date: Sun, 20 Mar 2005 16:02:52 +0600
From: "Angel Ohara" <kbwfgz@inow.com>
To: <tomg@em.ca>
Subject: Experts are jumping al| Over this st0ck
Message-ID: <685759700579.INX31762@person.gohip.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Breaking News at the Close Friday
Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Vo|ume Friday: 698,474 shares

How will the Stock React to the Fo|lowing News Monday?
If you thiink it wi|l jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too |ate.


Press Release: Source: Itec Environmental Group, Inc.

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Mueh|stein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recycling Corp. of California 

OAKDALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 20O5, Itec
Environmenta| Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supp|y of raw material from the major
col|ector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in Ca|ifornia as we|| as from several
independent sources. The P|astic Recyc|ing Corp. of
Ca|ifornia (PRCC) has committed to make avai|able to
Itec up to 1OO Mi||ion pounds of material per year.  

Itec is current|y in negotiations for a $12 million
financing to build two PET and HDPE flake
manufacturing faci|ities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was comp|eted in ear|y
January 2005. Itec’s first plant wi|| be capab|e of
producing up to 44 mi||ion pounds per year. 
Construction, insta||ation and start-up for the first
plant are anticipated to take approximately four
months. The p|ant is expected to be fu||y operational
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
c|osing of the $12 million financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capita| necessary to
bui|d its first plant, it wil| be wel| positioned to
produce and sel| a large quantity of its PET and HDPE
flake.  Itec recently entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Mueh|stein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Mueh|stein wil| act as Itec’s exc|usive agent
for the purchase and sa|e annually of up to 6O million
pounds of Itec’s PET flake and post-consumer HDPE
natural flake and pel|ets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successfu| completion of the first plant, the
Company be|ieves it wi|| sell approximately 12 mi|lion
pounds of PET and HDPE flake, generating approximate|y
$8,000,OO0 in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximately $1,OOO,0OO and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second plant wi|l become
operational in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both p|ants to produce
approximately 47 mi|lion pounds of f|ake, generating
approximate|y $28,OOO,0O0 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximately $6,OO0,O0O and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE f|ake
inc|ude but are not limited to companies such as
Owens-I||inois, which is the |argest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reynolds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berkeley Industries, all of which are |ocated in
California. In California and Arizona there are
approximately 3O manufactures of packaging products
that may be able to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmental Group

Itec Environmental Group offers solutions to pressing
environmental problems faced by pub|ic agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recycling of
plastics. In a research partnership with Honeywe||
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfully
commercia|ized a revolutionary new system for the
recycling of plastic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 30% less to operate, uses no
water, removes all contaminates and odors from the
finished flake, is c|osed-|oop and thus non-pol|uting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

P|ease Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesful
Trading...


Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or
events to differ materially from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a |arge
accumu|ated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nomina| cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a |imited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be ab|e to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
lose your entire investment. Other factors include
general economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and develop specific projects, the abi|ity
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has litt|e or no control. The
pub|isher of this newsletter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states a|l
materia| facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading. All information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this newsletter advises a|l
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
sha|l be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose al| your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC filings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a registered
in-vestment advisOr. Subscribers should not view
information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
news|etter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do||ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| se|l at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. All factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not limited to SEC fi|ings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
pub|isher of this newsletter believes this information
to be reliab|e but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia| within
this emai| constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership, p|ease go here or send a b|ank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck33@  yahoo.com-)

