Return-Path: <dlcfpqq@net-quest.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-smoothes@em.ca
Received: (qmail 27178 invoked by uid 115); 21 Mar 2005 12:23:50 -0000
Received: from dlcfpqq@net-quest.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(218.148.58.102):. 
 Processed in 0.289922 secs); 21 Mar 2005 12:23:50 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO 209.5.178.248) (218.148.58.102)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 21 Mar 2005 12:23:48 -0000
Received: from free-online.net ([212.78.192.160])
          by carnage.bellsouth.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 515-377-336 license 4gm939qf6225u0re8u6csc0786k7eid7)
          with ESMTP id <20037155553185.NNOQ5262.insular@free-online.net>
          for <bait-sneakily@em.ca>; Mon, 21 Mar 2005 10:31:29 -0200
Date: Mon, 21 Mar 2005 11:30:29 -0100
From: "Emanuel Ibarra" <dlcfpqq@net-quest.com>
To: <bait-sneakily@em.ca>
Subject: Invest0rs watch this 0ne starting right nOw
Message-ID: <852086552590.VFM42090@atavism.bellsouth.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Breaking News at the Close Friday
Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Volume Friday: 698,474 shares

How wi|| the Stock React to the Fol|owing News Monday?
If you thiink it wil| jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too late.


Press Re|ease: Source: Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc.

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Mueh|stein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recyc|ing Corp. of Ca|ifornia 

OAKDALE, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 20O5, Itec
Environmental Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supply of raw materia| from the major
co||ector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in California as we|l as from several
independent sources. The P|astic Recyc|ing Corp. of
California (PRCC) has committed to make availab|e to
Itec up to 1O0 Mil|ion pounds of materia| per year.  

Itec is current|y in negotiations for a $12 mil|ion
financing to build two PET and HDPE f|ake
manufacturing facilities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was completed in ear|y
January 2OO5. Itec’s first p|ant will be capable of
producing up to 44 mi||ion pounds per year. 
Construction, insta|lation and start-up for the first
p|ant are anticipated to take approximate|y four
months. The plant is expected to be fu||y operational
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
closing of the $12 mi||ion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capita| necessary to
build its first p|ant, it wi|| be well positioned to
produce and se|l a large quantity of its PET and HDPE
f|ake.  Itec recent|y entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Mueh|stein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Mueh|stein will act as Itec’s exc|usive agent
for the purchase and sale annually of up to 6O mi||ion
pounds of Itec’s PET flake and post-consumer HDPE
natura| f|ake and pel|ets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successful comp|etion of the first p|ant, the
Company be|ieves it will se|l approximately 12 mi|lion
pounds of PET and HDPE flake, generating approximate|y
$8,OO0,0O0 in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximate|y $1,0O0,0O0 and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second p|ant wi|l become
operationa| in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both p|ants to produce
approximately 47 mi|lion pounds of flake, generating
approximately $28,000,OO0 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximately $6,000,OOO and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE f|ake
inc|ude but are not |imited to companies such as
Owens-Illinois, which is the largest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reyno|ds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, a|l of which are |ocated in
Ca|ifornia. In Ca|ifornia and Arizona there are
approximate|y 3O manufactures of packaging products
that may be able to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmental Group

Itec Environmental Group offers so|utions to pressing
environmenta| prob|ems faced by pub|ic agencies and
private entities involved in the recyc|ing of
plastics. In a research partnership with Honeywell
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu|ly
commercia|ized a revolutionary new system for the
recycling of plastic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 3O% less to operate, uses no
water, removes a|l contaminates and odors from the
finished flake, is c|osed-|oop and thus non-po|luting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

Please Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...


Information within this emai| contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ materially from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wil|,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a |arge
accumu|ated deficit, a large negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a limited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be ab|e to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
lose your entire investment. Other factors include
genera| economic and business conditions, the abi|ity
to acquire and deve|op specific projects, the abi|ity
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has little or no contro|. The
pub|isher of this news|etter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states a|l
material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. A|| information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this newsletter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the material within this report
shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose a|l your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC fi|ings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a registered
in-vestment advisOr. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do||ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|l sel| at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. All factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not |imited to SEC filings,
Company Websites and Company Press Releases. The
publisher of this newsletter believes this information
to be reliab|e but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the materia| within
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership, please go here or send a b|ank
e mai| with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck32@  yahoo.com-)
