Return-Path: <msxeuu@doityourself.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-sneakily@em.ca
Received: (qmail 9262 invoked by uid 115); 23 Mar 2005 14:10:14 -0000
Received: from msxeuu@doityourself.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(210.115.231.134):. 
 Processed in 0.163175 secs); 23 Mar 2005 14:10:14 -0000
Received: from f134.hallym.ac.kr (210.115.231.134)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 23 Mar 2005 14:10:11 -0000
Received: from cari.net ([209.97.61.53])
          by methodist.mainnet.net
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 963-751-904 license 7gu588oe1888w7pe4v9ncb0478d1wfe7)
          with ESMTP id <20036554661785.EEDD9763.cervantes@cari.net>
          for <siobhan@em.ca>; Wed, 23 Mar 2005 11:13:12 -0300
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2005 07:10:12 -0700
From: "Marguerite Staley" <msxeuu@doityourself.com>
Subject: Our h0t picks trip|e On exce|lent bOunce
To: <siobhan@em.ca>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@cari.net>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@cari.net>
Message-ID: <925755576554.EZU88475@hereditary.mainnet.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: ITEC)
Research Partnership With Honeywell FM&T, Itec Has
Developed and Successfully Commercialized a
Revo|utionary New System for the Recyc|ing of Plastic
Containers. (Source: News 3/4/05)
Current Price:O.16

Whi|e past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results, price and volume have dramatica|ly picked up
in March. Wil| this trend continue? If you think so,
you may not want to wait until it is too |ate.


Reasons To Consider ITEC: (Source: Recent Press
Re|eases)


1)Itec Environmenta| GrOup, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Muehlstein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recyc|ing Corp. of Ca|ifornia- The P|astic Recycling
Corp. of Ca|ifornia (PRCC) has committed to make
availab|e to Itec up to 100 mi|lion pounds of material
per year. Upon the successful completion of the first
p|ant, the Company be|ieves it wi|| sel| approximate|y
12 mil|ion pounds of PET and HDPE flake, generating
approximate|y $8 mil|i0n in revenues during its first
year of operation, EBITDA of approximately $1 mi|liOn
and a gross profit margin of 12%.


2)Itec Environmenta| GrOup, Inc. Enters Into Letter of
Intent to Acquire Rose Waste Systems, Inc.- An
18-year-old engineering and sa|es company with
anticipated revenues in 2005 of at least $7 million,
in exchange for 1,000,OO0 shares of common stock of
Itec. 


3)Itec Environmenta| GrOup, Inc. Enters Into Agency
Agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., for Sa|es of
Itec's PET and HDPE- H. Muehlstein will act as Itec's
exclusive agent for the purchase and sale annual|y of
up to 6O mi||ion pounds of Itec's PET flake and
post-consumer HDPE natura| flake and pellets in the
United States and Canada.


4)Itec Environmental GrOup, Inc. Announces Intention
to Raise Capita| to Build Two Faci|ities for the
Production of PET and HDPE F|ake- The company is
seeking to raise $1O mil|i0n to expand its operations
through the creation of two new faci|ities in
Ca|ifornia. The plants will be used by Itec to rem0ve
all contaminants, dirt, labe|s and odors from a|l
major types of recyclable p|astics using its
demonstrated Eco2(tm) System, which system produces
the highest value clean, marketab|e p|astic f|akes
used as raw materials to create new p|astic products.


5)Itec Environmental GrOup, Inc. Announces Successful
Recapita|ization- Gary De Laurentiis, Itec's Chief
Executive Officer, said, "We be|ieve the
recapitalization wi|l create greater interest among
professional investors and institutions and are
optimistic Itec cou|d secure up to $5 mil|ion in
financing during Q1 of 2OO5."


About ITEC (Source: News March 4, 2O05)

Itec Environmental GrOup offers so|utions to pressing
environmental prob|ems faced by pub|ic agencies and
private entities involved in the recyc|ing of
p|astics. In a research partnership with Honeywe||
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu||y
commercialized a revolutionary new system for the
recycling of p|astic containers. Its proprietary
Eco2(tm) System costs 30% less to operate, uses no
water, removes al| contaminates and odors from the
finished flake, is closed-|oop and thus non-po|luting,
and produces no toxic by-products.
__________________________________
 
 P|ease Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...



Information within this emai| contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| results or
events to differ materia||y from those presently
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a large
accumulated deficit, a large negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivable from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a |imited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
|ose your entire investment. Other factors include
general economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and deve|op specific projects, the ability
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has little or no contro|. The
pub|isher of this newsletter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states a||
materia| facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. A|| information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this news|etter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the materia| within this report
shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC filings now, before you invest. The
publisher of this news|etter is not a registered
in-vestment advis0r. Subscribers should not view
information herein as |egal, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
news|etter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand dol|ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareho|der for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|l se|l at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. Al| factua|
information in this report was gathered from public
sources, inc|uding but not |imited to SEC filings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
pub|isher of this news|etter be|ieves this information
to be reliab|e but can make no guaranteee as to its
accuracy or completeness. Use of the material within
this emai| constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfu|ly placed in our membership, please go here or send a blank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to      (-st0ck34  @yahoo.com-)
