Return-Path: <earoblesth@powerline.com.br>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait@em.ca
Received: (qmail 1007 invoked by uid 115); 30 Nov 2004 12:18:13 -0000
Received: from earoblesth@powerline.com.br by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(211.117.178.145):. 
 Processed in 0.308713 secs); 30 Nov 2004 12:18:13 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO rediris.es) (211.117.178.145)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 30 Nov 2004 12:18:12 -0000
Received: from 26.107.166.91 by smtp.powerline.com.br;
	Tue, 30 Nov 2004 07:19:56 +0000
Message-ID: <fb6401c4d6ac$612f2b38$f3f255f4@rediris.es>
From: "Eugene A. Robles" <earoblesth@powerline.com.br>
To: bait@em.ca
Subject: Hey
Date: Tue, 30 Nov 2004 00:19:54 -0700
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

Look at this stock information that I just received...

Auto Centrix, Inc.  OTC: ATCX
Auto Remarketing Company: Acquisition Expected to Add $4 Million in
Sales! Looking for more Acquisitions. (Source: News Release: 9/27/04)
Current Price- .26

An Absolutely Massive PR Campaign is Underway and The Trading Sessions
Moving Forward Could be Very Exciting for ATCX.

Did your Portfolio Turn a Huge Profit in the Last 2 months? You Did if
You had the Scoop on the Following Stock: (A Lot of These Small Stocks
Have Been Flying).

SGNC: Exploded from .055 on October 1st to .40 November 18th. Up over
625%.

These are the types of gains you can find with small unknown companies
and That's Why Investors are Trading Them. Some of them put a lot of
money in investors pockets pretty quickly. You may agree it is hard to
get these types of gains from large cap stocks. As Always, Timing is the
key..


About Auto Centrix, Inc. (ATCX)

Auto Centrix Inc.'s portfolio of innovative products and services
focuses on the unique needs of the vehicle-remarketing sector of the
automotive industry. We provide technology solutions that enable
wholesalers, lease and rental companies, automotive importers,
dealerships and manufacturers, to more efficiently and effectively do
business.

We are committed to enhancing shareholder value through the continued
development of technology solutions and the long term growth of our
affiliate companies.

AFFILIATE COMPANY: Dominion Auctions

DOMINION AUTO AUCTIONS is a wholly owned subsidiary company of Auto
Centrix, Inc. with its auction facilities headquartered in Woodside
Industrial Park, Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. Dominion Auto Auctions conducts
a public auto auction every Saturday. We are the only weekly auto
auction in Nova Scotia open to the public. Our primary business is the
sale of used vehicles and equipment at our weekly automobile auction. We
are also equipped to conduct auctions anywhere in Nova Scotia.

(SOURCE: COMPANY WEBSITE)


______________________________________

Recent News Announcement-

*11/22/04 Auto Centrix, Inc. Announces the Closing of a $700,000 USD
Private Offering


Here is An excerpt From the September 27th News Release:

Since the closing of the exchange agreement with Teleon and Auto
Centrix, Inc. the company has been executing its new business plan
reports CEO David Highmore. "I would like to bring the current
shareholders up to date with our successes. We have successfully gone
public with our exchange agreement with Teleon and the result will
increase our ability to finance our future growth. In addition we will
have new access to the United States market and increased visibility to
the Canadian market."

Auto Centrix Inc. acquired 100% of Dominion Auto Auction Group Inc.,
which offers weekly public and wholesale auctions of pre-owned passenger
vehicles, heavy and light duty trucks, marine and recreational vehicles,
as well as heavy equipment. The acquisition will add approximately
$4,000,000 (USD) in sales to ACI and provide a valuable platform from
which to launch ACI's suite of technological products.

"As we are building our platform in the coming months," stated Highmore,
"we have targeted a number of additional acquisitions and synergistic
technologies. We are committed to building Auto Centrix, Inc. into a
major player within the auto re-marketing industry."

Auto Centrix, Inc. focuses on various technological mediums which
facilitate the purchase, sale and re-sale of vehicles, thereby lowering
the costs, expanding the geography, and expediting the sale processes,
while securing the integrity of the vehicle information. The products
and services have been designed with the flexibility and scalability to
interface with their clients existing systems.

________________________________________

Do you see where we're going with this? Small Company with a Big Agenda.
Sound familiar? It has been the recipe for success for many stocks.
Consider Adding Autocentrix to your Portfolio Today! Many of these
stocks have really been performing for investors lately. 
Good Luck and Succesful Trading! Watch This Stock Trade Tuesday.


Information within this email contains "forward looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions,
expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward looking
statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated. Forward looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will," "anticipates," "estimates,"
"believes," "understands" or that by statements indicating certain
actions "may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many microcap stocks,
today's company has additional risk factors worth noting. Auto Centrix,
Inc. is not a reporting company registered under the Securities Act of
1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company.
Other factors include a limited operating history,risks and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the impact of competitive
products and pricing, product demand and market acceptance, new product
development, reliance on key strategic alliances, availability of raw
materials, the regulatory environment, fluctuations in operating results
and other risks inherent to their industry. The company is going to need
financing. If that financing does not occur, the company may not be able
to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire
investment. The publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all material facts or does
not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.All information provided within this email pertaining to
investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided
and not investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional
securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured
within this email. None of the material within this report shall be
construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by
investing in this stock. The publisher of this newsletter is not a
registered investment advisor. Subscribers should not view information
herein as legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any reference to
past performance(s) of companies are specially selected to be referenced
based on the favorable performance of these companies. You would need
perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as always, past performance
is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence
effort, including a review of a company's filings when available, should
be completed prior to investing. The publisher of this newsletter has no
relationship with SGNC. In compliance with the Securities Act of 1933,
Section17(b),The publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of
twenty five thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report. Be
aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is
not without bias.The party that paid us has a position in the stock they
will sell at anytime without notice. This could have a negative impact
on the price of the stock. All factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources, including but not limited to Company
Websites and Company Press Releases. The publisher of this newsletter
believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to
its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

