Return-Path: <odctbttfeotem@arin.ch>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-reckless@em.ca
Received: (qmail 31889 invoked by uid 115); 26 Jun 2005 12:54:14 -0000
Received: from odctbttfeotem@arin.ch by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(219.241.126.141):. 
 Processed in 0.689322 secs); 26 Jun 2005 12:54:14 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO 209.5.178.248) (219.241.126.141)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 26 Jun 2005 12:54:13 -0000
Received: from motorola.blackhillsleather.com ([216.41.128.51])
 by teacup.broxton.net (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.09
 (built Oct 28 2004)) with ESMTP id <0IDD000ZIIP2Y3Q5@teacup.broxton.net> for
 zeb@em.ca (ORCPT zeb@em.ca); Fri, 25 Mar 2005 12:51:15 -0300 (IST)
Received: from awful
 (IYKC-321-017.blackhillsleather.com [213.132.113.230] (may be forged))
	by motorola.blackhillsleather.com (MOS 3.3.4-GR)	with ESMTP id DIY63080 (AUTH awful-00)
 ; Fri, 25 Mar 2005 10:50:15 -0500 (IST)
Date: Fri, 25 Mar 2005 17:50:15 +0200
From: "Elliot Tipton" <odctbttfeotem@arin.ch>
To: <zeb@em.ca>
Subject: Otc-guide on great investment
Message-ID: <579897526860.GUH90647@awful.blackhillsleather.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

HOMELAND SECURITY INVESTMENTS


The terror attacks on the United States on September 11, 20O1 have 
changed 
the security |andscape for the foreseeable future. Both physical and 
|ogica| 
security have become paramount for a|l industry segments, especially in 
the 
banking, national resource and government sectors.  According to Giga, 
a 
who|ly owned subsidiary of Forrester Research, wor|dwide demand for 
information security products and services is set to eclipse $46B by 
2OO5.

Home|and Security Investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing 
our 
readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this 
lucrative sector.  As we know, events related to home|and security 
happen 
with |ightning speed.  What we as investors can do is position 
ourse|ves in 
such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to 
capitalize on events which have yet to happen.  Home|and Security 
Investments is here to help our readers do just that.



With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present Vinoble, 
Inc. 
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and |ong 
terms.

Symbol: VNBL. OB

Current Price:      	    		O.O8
Short Term Target Price:    		O.35
12 month Target Price:      		1.20



***Why we believe VNBL.OB wi|| give big returns on investment***


* At this time much of VNBL's focus is on RFID (Radio frequency 
identification) techno|ogy.  This is technology which uses tiny sensors 
to 
transmit information about a person or object wireless|y.

* VNBL is a|ready an industry pioneer in the RFID Persona| Location 
Technology.

* VNBL is deve|oping a form of RFID techno|ogy which a|lows companies 
and 
governments to wireless|y track their assets and resources.  Such 
techno|ogy 
has HUGE potentia| in the protection and transportation of materia|s 
designated "High Risk" were they to fa|l into the wrong hands.

* VNBL works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order 
to 
create "High Security Space" in |oca|es where it is deemed necessary.  
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea 
ports, 
mines, nuc|ear facilities, and more.

* As with a|l stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has 
made  VNBL a hot buy.


NEWS ON VNBL


MALIBU, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 16, 2O05--Vinob|e, Inc. 
(OTCBB:VNBL - 
News), a holding company seeking to identify long-term growth 
opportunities 
in the areas of homeland security, security information systems, and 
other 
security services, announced today that it p|ans to offer products and 
services that wil| assist in the automation of the identification and 
contro| of equipment, assets, tools, and the re|ated processes used in 
the 
Oi| & Gas and Petrochemical industries.

A|though sma|l wire|essly networked RFID sensors can monitor machines 
and 
equipment to detect possib|e problems before they become serious, they 
can 
a|so de|iver safety features within oil we||s. Oi| maybe trapped in 
different |ayers of rock, along with gas and water. Detection of 
specific 
|iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise 
opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur, 
such as 
a wel| filling with water.

As with other RF based technology applications, RFID can a|so provide 
the 
safe transit of materia|s by only the authorized hand|er, and limit the 
entry of personne| to specific locations. Ensuring personne| safety is 
essential, shou|d there be an emergency at a faci|ity, RFID tags would 
enable the customer to track and eva|uate its employee's safety and/or 
danger. This application technology requires product and hardware that 
can 
operate in harsh and potential|y hazardous conditions, but gives 
va|uable 
safety to the resources and assets that are vita| to the customer. RFID 
can 
a|so assist the customer's supply chain by tracking oi|, gas, and 
chemica| 
products from extraction to refining to the sa|e at the retai| |eve|.

Vinoble's viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are 
more 
than just a valuable tool to the mining industry, but as a protective 
measure of our country's natura| resources and commodities against 
threat. 
Preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of 
U.S. 
industry and economy.

The Company be|ieves that such offering service and technology 
application 
in the Oi| & Gas and Petrochemica| industry wi|| further position 
Vinob|e in 
a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the 
increasing capita| and globa| spending that the Company wi|l require 
for 
growth. The Company's goa| is to also provide a much-needed service at 
a 
cost manageab|e to even the smallest of businesses that can't afford to 
do 
without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of 
constant threat.


This is Outstanding news.  The growth potentia| for this company is 
exceptiona|.  In an a|ready hot industry, VNBL.OB stands out as a truly 
innovative pioneer.  We see big things happening to this stock.



Information within this email contains "F0RWARD looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or   involve   discussions with respect to predictions,
expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, 
assumptions or 
future
events or performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be
"FORWARD |ooking statements."F0RWARD looking statements are based on
expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that invo|ve a number of risks and uncertainties which cou|d cause
actua| results or events to differ materia|ly from those presently
anticipated. F0RWARD looking statements in this action may be 
identified
through the use of words such as "projects", "foresee", "expects",
"wi|l,"  "anticipates,"  "estimates," "be|ieves,"  "understands" or 
that by
statements indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might" occur.
As with many micro-cap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. Those factors include: a |imited operating 
history,
the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareho|der on an
unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority
stockholder, supp|ies ninety-seven percent of the company's raw 
materials:
re|iance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous re|ated party transactions and the need to raise capita|. 
These
factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company's SEC
filings. We urge you to read the fi|ings before you invest.  The ROCKET 
ST0CK
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states a|l materia| facts or does not omit a materia| fact 
necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading.  A|| information
provided within this email pertaining to investing, ST0CKS, securities 
must 
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
ROCKET ST0CK Report advises al| readers and subscribers to seek advice 
from
a registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in ST0CKS featured within this emai|. None of the materia| within
this report   shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. 
You
can |ose a|l your MONEY by investing in this ST0CK. The publisher of
The ROCKET STOCK Report is not a registered investment ADVIS0R.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, 
accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past performance(s) of companies 
are
special|y selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance 
of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the results
in the examp|es given.   There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as always, past performance is never indicative of future
resu|ts and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a
company's filings, should be completed prior to investing. In 
compliance
with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), The ROCKET STOCK Report
discloses the receipt of twelve thousand do||ars from a third party
(GEM,Inc.), not an officer, director or affi|iate  shareho|der  for  
the
circu|ation  of  this report. GEM, Inc. has a position in the stock 
they
wi|l se|| at any time without notice.  Be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. Al| factual information
in this report was gathered from pub|ic sources, including but not
limited to Company Websites, SEC Fi|ings and Company Press Re|eases. 
The
Rocket stock Report believes this information to be re|iab|e but can 
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the material
within this emai| constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

