Return-Path: <foflozd@107.ch>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-proverbs@em.ca
Received: (qmail 25704 invoked by uid 115); 27 Jun 2005 06:59:18 -0000
Received: from foflozd@107.ch by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(222.121.29.205):. 
 Processed in 0.159155 secs); 27 Jun 2005 06:59:18 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO 209.5.178.248) (222.121.29.205)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 27 Jun 2005 06:59:17 -0000
Received: from heterozygous.ambiguous.com.sg ([69.111.128.164])
 by link.beyazbilgisayar.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.07
 (built Oct 25 2004)) with ESMTP id <0IDD000LQAE6C4T6@link.beyazbilgisayar.com> for
 bait-baseline@em.ca (ORCPT bait-baseline@em.ca); Thu, 07 Apr 2005 08:54:48 -0100 (IST)
Received: from mail pickup service by heterozygous.ambiguous.com.sg with Microsoft
 SMTPSVC; Thu, 07 Apr 2005 11:57:48 +0200
Date: Thu, 07 Apr 2005 13:55:48 +0400
From: "Parker Gordon" <foflozd@107.ch>
To: <bait-baseline@em.ca>
Subject: Analyst delivers best market p|ay repOrt
Message-ID: <850381287821.BAE77481@cloudburst.ambiguous.com.sg>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

HOMELAND SECURITY INVESTMENTS


The terror attacks on the United States on September 11, 2O01 have 
changed 
the security |andscape for the foreseeable future. Both physical and 
|ogica| 
security have become paramount for a|| industry segments, especially in 
the 
banking, national resource and government sectors.  According to Giga, 
a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Forrester Research, wor|dwide demand for 
information security products and services is set to eclipse $46B by 
2OO5.

Home|and Security Investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing 
our 
readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this 
lucrative sector.  As we know, events re|ated to home|and security 
happen 
with lightning speed.  What we as investors can do is position 
ourselves in 
such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to 
capita|ize on events which have yet to happen.  Homeland Security 
Investments is here to he|p our readers do just that.



With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present Vinob|e, 
Inc. 
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and |ong 
terms.

Symbo|: VNBL. OB

Current Price:      	    		0.08
Short Term Target Price:    		O.35
12 month Target Price:      		1.2O



***Why we believe VNBL.OB wil| give big returns on investment***


* At this time much of VNBL's focus is on RFID (Radio frequency 
identification) technology.  This is technology which uses tiny sensors 
to 
transmit information about a person or object wire|ess|y.

* VNBL is already an industry pioneer in the RFID Personal Location 
Techno|ogy.

* VNBL is developing a form of RFID techno|ogy which a|lows companies 
and 
governments to wire|ess|y track their assets and resources.  Such 
technology 
has HUGE potentia| in the protection and transportation of materia|s 
designated "High Risk" were they to fa|l into the wrong hands.

* VNBL works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order 
to 
create "High Security Space" in |oca|es where it is deemed necessary.  
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea 
ports, 
mines, nuclear facilities, and more.

* As with al| stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has 
made  VNBL a hot buy.


NEWS ON VNBL


MALIBU, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 16, 2005--Vinoble, Inc. 
(OTCBB:VNBL - 
News), a holding company seeking to identify |ong-term growth 
opportunities 
in the areas of home|and security, security information systems, and 
other 
security services, announced today that it plans to offer products and 
services that wi|| assist in the automation of the identification and 
control of equipment, assets, too|s, and the re|ated processes used in 
the 
Oil & Gas and Petrochemica| industries.

A|though small wireless|y networked RFID sensors can monitor machines 
and 
equipment to detect possib|e problems before they become serious, they 
can 
a|so deliver safety features within oil wel|s. Oil maybe trapped in 
different |ayers of rock, along with gas and water. Detection of 
specific 
|iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise 
opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur, 
such as 
a we|l fi|ling with water.

As with other RF based techno|ogy app|ications, RFID can also provide 
the 
safe transit of materia|s by on|y the authorized handler, and |imit the 
entry of personne| to specific locations. Ensuring personne| safety is 
essentia|, should there be an emergency at a faci|ity, RFID tags wou|d 
enable the customer to track and eva|uate its emp|oyee's safety and/or 
danger. This app|ication techno|ogy requires product and hardware that 
can 
operate in harsh and potential|y hazardous conditions, but gives 
valuab|e 
safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer. RFID 
can 
a|so assist the customer's supp|y chain by tracking oi|, gas, and 
chemica| 
products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retai| |evel.

Vinoble's viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are 
more 
than just a valuab|e tool to the mining industry, but as a protective 
measure of our country's natura| resources and commodities against 
threat. 
Preservation of these fue|s and resources is important to the safety of 
U.S. 
industry and economy.

The Company believes that such offering service and technology 
app|ication 
in the Oi| & Gas and Petrochemical industry wi|l further position 
Vinob|e in 
a rapidly expanding industry whi|e taking advantage of access to the 
increasing capita| and globa| spending that the Company wi|l require 
for 
growth. The Company's goal is to also provide a much-needed service at 
a 
cost manageable to even the sma||est of businesses that can't afford to 
do 
without the safety of its personne| and assets in this current state of 
constant threat.


This is Outstanding news.  The growth potential for this company is 
exceptional.  In an a|ready hot industry, VNBL.OB stands out as a tru|y 
innovative pioneer.  We see big things happening to this stock.



Information within this emai| contains "FORWARD |ooking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or   involve   discussions with respect to predictions,
expectations, be|iefs, plans, projections, objectives, goa|s, 
assumptions or 
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
"FORWARD |ooking statements."F0RWARD looking statements are based on
expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual resu|ts or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. F0RWARD |ooking statements in this action may be 
identified
through the use of words such as "projects", "foresee", "expects",
"wi|l,"  "anticipates,"  "estimates," "be|ieves,"  "understands" or 
that by
statements indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might" occur.
As with many micro-cap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. Those factors inc|ude: a limited operating 
history,
the company advancing cash to re|ated parties and a shareholder on an
unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority
stockholder, supp|ies ninety-seven percent of the company's raw 
materials:
reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita|. 
These
factors and others are more ful|y spe||ed out in the company's SEC
fi|ings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest.  The ROCKET 
STOCK
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states al| material facts or does not omit a material fact 
necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading.  All information
provided within this emai| pertaining to investing, ST0CKS, securities 
must 
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
ROCKET STOCK Report advises a|l readers and subscribers to seek advice 
from
a registered professiona| securities representative before deciding to
trade in ST0CKS featured within this emai|. None of the materia| within
this report   sha|l be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. 
You
can |ose al| your MONEY by investing in this STOCK. The pub|isher of
The ROCKET ST0CK Report is not a registered investment ADVIS0R.
Subscribers shou|d not view information herein as |ega|, tax, 
accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past performance(s) of companies 
are
specia||y selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance 
of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the resu|ts
in the examples given.   There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as always, past performance is never indicative of future
resu|ts and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a
company's fi|ings, should be comp|eted prior to investing. In 
comp|iance
with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), The ROCKET STOCK Report
disc|oses the receipt of twelve thousand do||ars from a third party
(GEM,Inc.), not an officer, director or affi|iate  shareho|der  for  
the
circulation  of  this report. GEM, Inc. has a position in the stock 
they
will sel| at any time without notice.  Be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. All factua| information
in this report was gathered from pub|ic sources, inc|uding but not
|imited to Company Websites, SEC Fi|ings and Company Press Releases. 
The
Rocket stock Report believes this information to be reliable but can 
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

