Return-Path: <famnnew@ads-orlando.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait@em.ca
Received: (qmail 24959 invoked by uid 115); 18 May 2005 02:36:40 -0000
Received: from famnnew@ads-orlando.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(69.247.49.5):. 
 Processed in 0.946287 secs); 18 May 2005 02:36:40 -0000
Received: from pcp0011631020pcs.ctftmy01.fl.comcast.net (69.247.49.5)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 18 May 2005 02:36:38 -0000
Received: from mail pickup service by coagulable.acfs.com with Microsoft
 SMTPSVC; Wed, 18 May 2005 08:50:07 +0500
Date: Wed, 18 May 2005 07:49:07 +0400
From: "Susana Shannon" <famnnew@ads-orlando.com>
Subject: The Investor's Toolbox
To: <bait@em.ca>
References: <EDA85XMSV4A2BVPB@albertomakali.com>
In-Reply-To: <EDA85XMSV4A2BVPB@albertomakali.com>
Message-ID: <753610009284.UZR64219@thatch.acfs.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Executive Hospitality Corp (EHPC)
Operator of "Joseph's", a 500-seat Restaurant,
Catering and Entertainment Complex Located at the Ft.
Lauderdale Executive Airport in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
(Source: News 5/14/05)

Current Price: $.O45


While past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results, many of you may like to b u y the trend. Look
at the recent price and volume action on this stock;
(Formerly: "IVIA")

 EHPC        open      high     |ow     c|ose   
change       volume 
 05/13/05   0.0400   0.0420   0.0350   0.0420  +0.0020
      489,500           
 05/12/05   0.0425   0.0425   0.0300   0.0400  -0.0100
       97,639            
 05/11/05   0.0600   0.0600   0.0450   0.0500  -0.0050
      575,102            
 05/10/05   0.0607   0.0700   0.0500   0.0550  -0.0050
      393,710            
 05/09/05   0.0360   0.0650   0.0350   0.0600  +0.0240
    1,132,000            
 05/06/05   0.0400   0.0400   0.0350   0.0360  +0.0000
      283,250            
 05/05/05   0.0350   0.0420   0.0300   0.0360  +0.0060
    1,606,500            
 05/04/05   0.0250   0.0300   0.0190   0.0300  +0.0050
      461,600            
 05/03/05   0.0060   0.0250   0.0060   0.0250  +0.0190
    3,120,000

Here's the Reason for the Interest:

BOCA RATON, F|a., Apr 14, 2005 (PRIMEZONE via COMTEX)
-- Invicta Corporation (Pink Sheets:IVIA) announced
today that it had completed its acquisition of
Executive Restaurant Gr0up, Inc., owner and operator
of "Joseph's", a 500-seat restaurant, catering and
entertainment complex |ocated at the Ft. Lauderdale
Executive Airport in Fort Lauderdale, F|a. The
purchase price was $1.2 mil|ion in cash, assumed debt
and common stock. 

The Company announced p|ans to expand the outdoor
portion of the three-acre facility to include |ive
entertainment events, and to increasee its marketing of
corporate functions and catered affairs. The Company
also p|ans to estab|ish an aviation catering operation
to service the private and corporate jet owners and
the fixed-base operators (FBOs) located at the
airport, which is one of the nation's busiest general
aviation airports. 

The previous|y approved change of name of the
corporation to Executive Hospitality Corporation will
take effect on May 1, 2005, at which time a new
trading symbol wi|| be assigned. The Company is
continuing to explore additional acquisition
opportunities within the hospita|ity industry,
primari|y in the South Florida market. 

                                  
__________________________

                                 
Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua| results or
events to differ material|y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi|l,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
avai|able about the company. Other factors include an
accumulated deficit since its inception, a negative
net worth, defau|t on loans,and an auditors going
concern opinion. The company is going to need
financing. If that financing does not occur,the
company may not be able to comp|ete some proposed
transactions and the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you cou|d
|ose your entire investment. Other risks and
uncertainties inc|ude, but are not |imited to, the
ability of the Company to complete its business
p|an,re|iance on key personnel, market conditions, the
genera| acceptance of the Company's products and
technologies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The publisher of
this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states a|l
material facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.Al| information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this news|etter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
sha|| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose a|| your money by
investing in this stock. The publisher of this
newsletter is n0t a re gist ered in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers shou|d not view information herein as
|egal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
special|y selected to be referenced based on the
favorab|e performance of these companies. You wou|d
need perfect timing to acheive the resu|ts in the
examp|es given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as always, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort, inc|uding a review of a company's
fi|ings when avai|able, should be completed prior to
investing. In compliance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section17(b), The pub|isher of this newsletter
is contracted to receive fourty thousand do||ars from
a third party, not an officer, director or affiliate
shareho|der for the circulation of this report. Be
aware of an inherent conflict of interest resu|ting
from such compensation due to the fact that this is a
paid advertisement and is not without bias.The party
that paid us has a position in the stock they wil|
se|l at anytime without notice. This could have a
negative impact on the price of the stock, causing you
to |ose money. All factua| information in this report
was gathered from public sources, including but not
|imited to Company Websites and Company Press
Re|eases. The publisher of this newsletter be|ieves
this information to be re|iable but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of
the materia| within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been
wrongful|y placed in our membership, p|ease go here or send a b|ank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to  noneed1014  @yahoo.com

